Say you've identified
the problem,
found a worthy solution,
finish diligence for
technical feasibility
and value and you think
this is worth doing.
Let's take a look at
the last steps of
the scoping process of
milestones and resourcing.
Determining milestones
and resourcing involves
writing out the key
specifications for your project.
This will include
machine learning metrics
such as accuracy or
precision-recall.
For some applications,
this may also
include fairness
types of metrics.
The specification will
often also include
software metrics regarding
the software system
such as latency,
throughput, queries per second,
and so on given
the computational resources
available, and if possible,
you might also write
out estimates of
the business metrics you hope to
move for the project
you're scoping,
such as how much
incremental revenue
if you have a way
of estimating that?
In addition, writing out
the resources needed,
how much data?
From which teams? Personnel, any
help you need from
cross-functional teams.
What software integrations, data
leaving support or other support
you need from other teams.
Finally, the timeline on
which you hope to achieve
certain milestones
or deliverables.
Now, if you're looking at
a machine learning project
and you find that you're having
a very hard time
writing on some of these
key specifications,
then you might also
consider carrying out
a bench-marking exercise
to compare it to
other similar projects that
others may have worked on before,
or building a proof
of concept first in
order to get a better sense
of what accuracy, precision,
or latency throughput or other
metrics might be feasible,
and only after you've done
that POC, proof of concept,
to then use that
information to more
confidently scope out
the milestones and
resources needed for a
larger scale execution
of the project you have in mind.
That's it. Congratulations
on making it
to the end of this
section on scoping.
I hope that these
ideas will help you to
pick valuable and meaningful
projects to work on.
Thank you also for sticking
with me from deployment,
through modeling,
through training,
all the way back to scoping,
and I hope this framework of
the full cycle of machine
learning project will
also be useful for
all the projects I hope
you will build and deploy.